# 光棍节

Food Culture.

This is out first interviewee.

Google Taiwan, hardware multimedia team.

And I'm responsible for initial camera design evaluation and image quality control and consulting.

I've always thought that Pixel had the most phenomenal camera on a smartphone.

I'm really impressed by the camera.

So you're the one responsible for actually making the camera.

Yes, for the design, evaluation, and alse of the benchmark testing.

As an engineer, how often do you need to work internationally?

I have to communicate and discuss camera matters with the colleagues in Moutain View, California. via Email, hangout, and video call.

what about the time difference?

Normally we can discuss very early or at night.

We compromise, we find balance for each other.

What are some of the perks working at Google?

For other benefits is , cover like the vision, the dental insurance and health insurance! and alse foreign language classes. and fitness center, and also the employee discount for Google products.

The differentiation between the Western and Eastern culture not always easy for Taiwaness workers.

What do you do here at google.

I'm the product manager for Pixel software.

So, what do you guys do for your software?

Basically we're developing apps for people with hearing loss or vision loss.

Product manager that means you are coordinating between clients needs to the engineering end.

I think the product management in Google is a little bit different.

So, as a product manager you have to really set the direction for the product. Not like getting requirements from the...

I see, you're more like a steering wheel. So make decisions.

I make decisions with my team.

I've prepared for you some English tongue twisters.





My title is strategy insight consultant, under the greater sales team.for example, like search or Youtube data, and that could provide us a lot of insights. So my job is dig out the insignts. or the findings, and use that to support out clients on their business strategies.

Could you help me with my Youtube channel?

Can you grab some insight, from like, the Youtube search, and other analytics and give me like what my next video should be about?

We can actually see what the top terms and being searched by general users in Tanwan on Youtube.

Maybe we can exchage some information, in private, later.

there are pertty healthy, pretty nutritions.

In simple terms.



Can't say I'm very familiar with Nest.

Is that a knob thing?

We have a lot of different product.

I think you will be pertty surprised that we have like wide range of.

Can you name one celebrity that you like the most.





I have like 3 to 4 questions for you guys.

The first one would be, what kind of talent are you looking for here at Google?

Taiwan now currently is actually one of the biggest engineering hub that we have globally in Google. cause locally we have a lot of  great engineer talents. So, majority of the roles that we're currently looking for are tech-related, but of course, we alse have a lot of business-related roles as well. Just wanna add a little bit more, the growth in Taiwan is very rapid. So people always think that "Oh, it's probably just a small branch office in Taiwan, cause Taiwan is not a big market, so we probably only need, you know, certain type of people", But actually, the background and job types at Google Taiwan is very diverse. So, tech, of course it's a majority, but also a lot of non-tech roles. 

A lot of the focus of this video has been testing out Googlers' English ability, so I wanna ask, to what extent,  do you take into account an individual's English abilities when you hiring?

Sure, in fact, we don't have, like a hard standard.

Like, we don't really look at English certifications or examinations.

But imagine you're working in this kind of company , right, it's so international and you're working with people around world. So it's really difficult to ...

It's hard to not communicate in English. Exactly.

Our applicants sometimes assume that their interviewers, even just CV reviewers. Resume reviewers would understand Mandarin.

But that's not true, because like, 