# 问路

##### Excuse me, I'm a bit lost, do you know your way around here?

Sure, where are you headed.

Your heart, how do I get to your heart.

##### Can you point me to the nearest train station?

Oh, it's just around the corner, let me walk you.

We have been walking for two hours.

I know, isn't it romantic.

##### Excuse me, do you stop at Raydu station?

I don't think there is Raydu station in Tanwan

##### Which station should I get off at?

##### How long does it take to get to airport?

Well you need to catch the next bus, bus 302, it will arrive in 30 minutes and it'll take 40 minutes to get to the first terminal, so let me see, that will be 30 plus 40 and a 10 minutes walking time. 

You know what. Actually I just catch a cab.

##### I would like to top up my card.

How much?

5 NTD, that's all I have on me.

##### One ticket to

One _concession ticket_ to Kaohsiung please.

I will need your student's ID

What, Why? Don't I look like a student to you?

OK, one _regular ticket_ to Kaohsiung

##### Can I have a window seat.

I'm sorry, all window seat are taken.

Aisle seat then.

I'm truly sorry but we're heavily booked. Would you like the seat next to a crying baby? or a group of talkative teenagers.

##### I'd like to file a missing luggage report.

Of course, what was your port of boarding?

Taipei

And what was in your luggage?

You don't want to know.

##### I'm stuck in traffic.

Why didn't you pick up your phone, you're late.

Oh sorry, I'm stuck in traffic.

I thought you were taking the train.

Not sure... I don't know, oh, green light. Gotta go bye.



